== Prologue ==
Year 1872 - October the 1st
Pine Barrens, New Jersey

Young couple, Bernard and Ashley Bailey, is walking in the middle of Pine Barrens. Bernard is a Civil War veteran and Ashley is a typical Victorian disease patient (spoiler: he is assigned-female-at-birth). Bernard hoped that the fresh air could help Ashley's health.

On their way out of Pine Barrens, Bernard and Ashley get attack by the demonic minions of the Jersey Devil. Bernard shoot one of them with his gun, but gets mauled by the demonic creature. Ashley, now devestated by his husband's death, picks up the Bernard's gun and fight back against the minions, but ends up get injured as well.

As they lay dying, Ashley swear to himself that he will be with Bernard forever no matter what. He holds tight hand of his hand. Then Ashley and Bernard enter into the spirit world.

== Chapter 1 ==
The Desired Bakery in the Spirit World

Either one of the characters wakes up. The place they wakes up in feels soft and heavenly.

1) Bernard looks at his spouse, and turns out he has a male spirit all along. There, he accepts the fact that his husband was man all along, and admits his feeling toward men.
2) Ashley, now Ash, is still holding Bernard's hand. Confesses that he has suppressed his desire to become a man for the longest time.

They walk toward the nearest building nearby. It's a bakery.

There, they meet the founder of the bakery. His name is Julius - a former centurion who has passed away a millenium ago during the Ancient Rome. In the Spirit World, souls are assigned to the jobs they have wanted in the mortal world. Julius passed down his job to the Baileys since he finally given a new life.

At the bakery, they find Julius' Ancient Roman weapons. There, they hatched a plan to revenge on the Jersey Devil and his minions. They promised that the Devil won't target more lives ever again.

== Chapter 2 ==
As Bernard and Ashley bake and sell breads to dead spirits, they learn more about mortal getting killed by supernatural cryptzoids. They talk wuith spirits who were victims of the Jersey Devil.

Spirit resident includes:
- Sasha - she was an immigrant from Eastern Europe. And because of this, she worked at the factory with little money to support her and her husband. Nonetheless, she's DETERMINED to live her life to the fullest, and tried to be OPTIMISTIC about everything - even in the afterlife. She was passing through Pine Barren but only to be killed by the Devil's minions. And she likes apple pie.
- Josef - he was once a seminary student from Prussia but later lives as a scholar on demons. He came to the US to check if there are demons in Pine Barren. His OBSESSION of the Jersey Devil made him an easy target for the Devil's minions. Josef now works as a librarian at the celestial library. He likes angel cakes.
- Montegomery - A beardy man from Virginia who took care of his male partner, who lost both of his legs during the battle between the Union and the Confederate. He may hates sweets, and remain BITTER over the darkness he witnessed during the war, he still LOVE his partner and his sister on Earth. He prefers wheat bread.
- Caleb - a PURITAN man who explored to the Pine Barren with his spouse during the pilgrim age but get killed by the Jersey Devil. But in the afterlife, Caleb's spouse's spirit doesn't look what they look like during their mortal life. So he left them - being too STUBBORN about their identity. He likes cornbread.
- Marlene - Caleb's former spouse. They have an androgynous appearance. They were disappointed by Caleb's rejection when their personal identity was revealed. But Marlene think Caleb is a good person deep inside and WILLINGLY TO FORGIVE him. They have no romantic or sexual attractions (asexual). They like pasteries.
- Li - a soldier from Ancient China, and fought in many battle and died in the middle of it. He love Sasha, but too ANXIOUS to confess his feeling toward her. Despite being BRAVE and CONFIDANT during wars, he get too nervous talking to women. He likes white bread. 
- Victor - he was a runaway slave who got killed by Southern slave owners. His background as a former slave and the lies he have been told throughout his life made him HONEST about what he thinks about the world. Victor has a romantic interest towards an Ancient Egyphtian named Ahmes - and he tries to DENY that fact when someone bring it up. He likes cakes of any kind.
- Mabel - she was also a runaway slave like Victor. During her time as a mortal, she researched about the origin of the Jersey Devil. Like Josef, she got killed by the Devil's minions as a result. Mabel prefer to have a REALIST view, and don't buy into a lot of positive suggestions and dismisses them as too idealistic and naive. At the same time, she ROOTS for Bernard and Ashley for their vengeful mission against the devil. She also don't have romantic and sexual feeling like Marlene (asexual). She likes cornbread.

== Chapter 3 ==
They learn about the main weakness of the Devil's minions from Josef and Mabel. And later they learn about the origin of the Jersey Devil.

== Chapter 4 ==
They return to the mortal world as vengeful spirits and fight against the Jersey Devil's minions.

== Chapter 5 ==
The final showdown of the Jersey Devil.

== Epilogue ==
It's an epilogue.
